Ah, I wish I knew it earlier
Teacher can't give it
The teacher is grandpa, sorry for you.
Grandpa understands now
As long as you're okay
There is hope for our old Lin family
That order
You worked hard for it
We have no right to call you out without him
Strike
Shut up!
Shut up! Aah!
Don't move, I'll give it
Hand it over
But now the order is not in my hands.
The four major families haven't delivered it to me yet.
You let everyone go first
When he delivers it, I will definitely deliver it to you.
That's... You really took me for a fool.
Since you said that the four major family friends, I will give you a good one.
I'll give you this chance now.
Give them a call.
Have them deliver it to you right away.
Bastard scum
Kill us if you can
You are also anxious
Don't worry, wait until I get the order.
I will take good care of you.
And you, Mr. Wang
Send clear bowls
Hmm, no problem.
Is it necessary for you?
Hey, send it to him.
Call him
Try not to give it to him
Hello Zhao family head
I am Lin Shishi
Please place the order now.
Delivered to No. 201, Yuanshan Villa
Are you satisfied now?
satisfied
Very satisfied, yeah?
Let go of me!
I suddenly thought of a good thing to let go of me
Here it is.
Let go of me!
Let go, let go of me
Ah, let go, stop